fix!: handle edge case in toCamelCase FormatHelper (#1792)
asyncapi/modelina: docs/migrations/version-3-to-4.md

# Migration from v3 to v4
This document contain all the breaking changes and migrations guidelines for adapting your code to the new version.

> ## Property Naming changed for certain Edge Cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fixed edge cases for camel case names
```

> Object properties were formatted wrong when they contained a number followed by an underscore and a letter.
> This has been fixed in this version, which might means properties might be renamed. If you encounter errors, check for properties that were renamed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Naming such as object properties using camel case formatting had an edge case where if they contained a number followed by an underscore and a letter it would be incorrectly formatted. This has been fixed in this version, which might mean properties, model names, etc that use camel case might be renamed. 
```
